1. Various response hierarchy variables such as awareness, knowledge, interest, attitudes, and intention are the basis for: 
 ans: communications objectives.
2. Which of the following statements best describes the relationship between marketing and communications objectives? 
ans: Communications objectives are derived from marketing objectives
3. For which of the following would an advertiser be most likely to use a sales-oriented objective? 
ans: A direct response ad for a record album
4. BMW's positioning of its convertible as "the ultimate tanning machine" would reflect a positioning strategy based on: 
ans: Product attributes and benefits
5. The market for snack food is saturated, but manufacturers continue to develop new offerings. Which of the following best explains why the makers of Honey Maid graham crackers found it necessary to develop and market Honey Maid graham sticks
ans: Consumer's novelty-seeking behavior
6. Many marketing managers prefer sales-oriented objectives for advertising because they believe:
ans: the reason a company spends money on advertising and promotion is to sell its products or service.
7. Ramen has recently come up with instant soup packets which it advertises in the colder regions of Asia and Europe. This is an example of
ans: geographic segmentation.
8.  is a construct that represents an individual's overall feelings or evaluation of an object and is viewed as a learned predisposition to respond toward it
ans: An attitude
9. Unisys Corporation engaged in a multi-million dollar campaign to alter its perceptions among many of its customers that it was simply a hardware manufacturer. Unisys wants customers to
see it as a services and technology provider. Unisys was
ans: Using a repositioning strategy
10.  is a state of psychological tension or post-purchase doubt a consumer may experience after making a difficult purchase decision
ans: Cognitive dissonance
11. To be effective, marketing objectives need to be
ans: realistic and attainable
12. o reach tweens (8-12 year olds), Jell-O brand gelatin marketers introduced X-treme Jell-O in wild berry, green apple, and watermelon flavors. The ads describe the gelatin flavors as "Jell-O with an attitude" because these fruit flavors "will bite you back." Jell-O has defined tweens as
ans: a market segment.
13. Ilon loves his car and does everything necessary to keep the vehicle in top running condition. When he heard a strange popping noise under the hood, he knew the car needed the
ans: problem recognition
14. An ad for Nivea Visage Wrinkle Control states that the cream allows women to "give their skin back its own wrinkle control." It shows a woman in her forties using the product
ans: benefit and demographic
15. is a technique to probe into the mind of a customer in which an individual is asked to respond to the first thing that comes to his mind when he or she is given a word or a picture
ans: Association tests
16. Directing a company's efforts towards one or more groups of customers who share common needs is known as: 
ans: market segmentation.
17. The headline on the ad for Broilmaster Grill read, "The Most Durable Grill Known to Man." Broilmaster is using a positioning strategy based on
ans: product attributes and benefits.
18. is a document that evolves from an organization's overall corporate strategy and serves as a guide for specific marketing programs and policies
ans: strategic marketing plan
19. is an approach to the structure and development of personality that focuses on the underlying motivations for human behavior
ans: Psychoanalytic theory
20:  are factors that compel or drive a consumer to take a particular action.
ans: Motives
